Copy&Paste to and from the terminal (#251)
hastexo/hastexo-xblock: Changelog.md

Unreleased
-------------------------
* [Bug fix] Restore the `paste` functionality by addressing
  the related changes in the `guacamole-js` library.

> * [Enhacement] Add support for copying text out from

Reviewer: Typo, should be "Enhancement". :)

Author: Thanks :)

>   the terminal using the Async Clipboard API. Partial, due
>   to the lack of support for the API by different browsers.

Reviewer: I think the changelog should say what we know about which browsers work and which do not. Assuming we know this to work only on Firefox at this point, I'd put:

```suggestion
  the terminal using the Async Clipboard API.
  This works on Mozilla Firefox at this time. Support in other browsers may follow.
```

Author: Ack, updated :)
